UM
UMEX consists of a group of blockchain practitioners, participants, and people with common values. Our goal is to redefine communication. UMEX is committed to building an exchange that returns to the spirit of Blockchain: openness, fairness, and transparency. Through professional technology and comprehensive operation, we have the obligation to build a public chain transaction platform based on the community consensus mechanism, improve user service experience, and spread the value of blockchain. It enables people from all over the world to participate in Digital Asset Investment fairly, makes digital assets become new asset allocation, promotes the implementation of high-quality blockchain projects, and contributes to the development of the blockchain industry.
UM is the only officially designated token developed by UMEX exchange based on UMEX public chain. All users can participate in various activities of UMEX exchange (new user registration, inviting friends, holding currency mining, encouraging dividends, etc.) get the corresponding UM subscription reward.
UM can not only participate in standard transactions, on a regular basis, the platform will also distribute dividends on currency holding rights and interests in proportion to the number of UM users hold, participate in the voting of new projects joining the platform, and get the corresponding proportion of new project candy pool profits.
UM issued a total of 0.36 billion pieces, which were created at one time. The total amount limit has been set and cannot be changed. No additional items will be issued. Due to its limited total quantity and no additional issuance, it has a great space for use and appreciation, even if you do not participate in platform transactions, you can still hold dividends for a long time or gain appreciation benefits through UM appreciation.
Finally, all UM will be allocated to different holders according to certain rules and proportions, among which a certain proportion of UM will exchange tokens for the right group in an appropriate way, the acquired digital assets are mainly used for the research and development of new product modules, application ecosystem incubation, and overall platform O & M.
UM total issue: 0.36 billion pieces, no additional issue!
Initial issue: 10 million mother coins, the remaining coins are dug out in 4 stages
Original price: 0.1USDT
Release method: UM public chain
Mother currency distribution mechanism: UMEX Foundation: 10%(1 million), lock warehouse gradually unlock for 3 years, used for exchange operating expenses;
Market incentive: 10%(1 million), with a unit price of 0.2USDT/piece, reward the community node that meets the standard first for subscription;
Creation node: 20%(2 million), which is awarded to the 100 creation nodes that reach the first standard at a price of 0.1USDT/piece for subscription;
Online subscription: 60%(6 million), with the unit price of 0.15USDT/piece and 0.2USDT/piece respectively for online weight subscription;
